my favorite keyword research strategy
want to know how I find I find words
that bring me tons of traffic
it's maybe the most important part of
nailing your SEO strategy 68 of online
activity starts with a query in a search
engine like Google or Bing identifying
the right word to include in your
content is essential and according to
Uber says 89 of the keywords get only 10
monthly searches or fewer and according
to ahrefs only 0.16 of the most popular
keywords are responsible for sixty
percent of all searches
what does that tell you if you want your
keywords to actually show up in your
audience searches you have to choose
them extremely carefully
SEO is not a strategy where you can
guess and hope for the best want me to
tell you my favorite keyword strategy
well let's Dive Right In step one
keyword Discovery this can be the most
difficult part about the process but you
need to get it right I see a lot of
beginners make mistakes in this phase
maybe they'll choose really broad
targeted words or obscure phrases that
no one is searching for that's why I
love using keyword research tools like
uber says or even answer the public so
once you head over to ubersus all you
have to do is input a phrase and click
search you'll get a detailed breakdown
that includes search volume which is the
number of searches per month SEO
difficulty estimated competition for
organic search paid difficulty estimated
competition for paid search cost per
click the average cost per click for
Google ad typically the higher that
number meaning more it's likely to
convert from a visitor and a customer
but the best part scroll down and you'll
see plenty of variations of the keyword
phrase you search for if you're on a
tighter budget optimize a low
competition low cost per click option
that still gets you good results or
choose a few different ones and a B test
them to see what kind of results you're
getting by running some Google paid ad
campaign and then from there use the
five keyword idea variables to expand
your search seeing the ubersuggest
search results page you'll see
suggestions related questions
propositions and comparisons these are
all tabs that you can click on to get
even more keyword ideas
step two analyzing and choosing the best
keywords ready and narrow down your
results from step one I like going with
no more than a hundred keywords for this
part of the process eliminate the
obvious ones that you don't want to use
Uber says can help you see what pages
rank for for the keywords that you want
to use plus how many backlinks those
pages have and how many shares they have
on Facebook and Pinterest and Reddit
poke around the most successful website
for the cubes you want to rank for and
start brainstorming content ideas based
off that you can also narrow down your
target keywords with Moz if you have a
pro membership or if you just have one
keyword project to complete you can
always start a 30-day free trial you can
use their keyword difficulty and serp
analysis tool as well moz's tool shows
you the percentage of difficulty for
each keyword the top 10 sites ranked for
each keyword plus their domain Authority
and the number of root domains linking
to it step three
make final choices the last crucial step
there are four critical components for
making your final choices but first keep
a spreadsheet throughout the process and
make sure you're recording every single
piece of data that you want to utilize
later on once you have your spreadsheet
organized make the following
considerations if your website is
commercial go with keywords that have
commercial intent such as I want to buy
a cheap laptop or I want to buy X if you
want your website to be more
informational think blogging use
keywords that offer advice and education
and answers people's questions find
keywords that offer The Sweet Spot of
high search Volume Plus low difficulty
and minimal competition use keywords
with high search volume with competitors
that have lower domain Authority and
backlinks is your website already on
page one but not in the top five spots
if the keyword has good search volume
focus on getting those specific keywords
and phrases to move up because that's
where you're going to get the biggest
bang for the buck this might seem like a
ton of information but making that final
decision isn't the most difficult
if you've done the research and compiled
the data the hard Parts already
basically done plus if you have some
informational keywords left over you can
always use them for other content topic
ideas if you have more questions about
how to conduct better keyword research
check out the training courses I've
created such as SEO unlocked you can
find these all at neilpatel.com
training and all you just do is go to
the neopatel.com website put in that URL
or just click on training in the
navigation I want you to put these
keywords in practice so that you can
have high rankings not just for your
blog post pages but all the web pages
and start driving traffic and sales in
no time again the key is to use keywords
in your content from blog posts to web
pages if you don't integrate them in
within your content whether it's your
title tags your meta tags or just within
your text or your headings you're not
going to do well enjoy my team to just
do all this for you check out my Ad
Agency NP digital where we won
Performance Marketing agency of the year
and we just won best SEO campaign of the
year
if you have any questions and just want
to do this yourself leave a comment
below I'm here to help if you like the
video share it tell the people about it
thank you for watching